Snowflake MFA (#7053)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/connect-data-platform/connect-snowflake.md

dbt Cloud supports Snowflake's [multi-factor authentication (MFA)](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/security-mfa) as another username and password option for increased login security. Snowflake's MFA support is powered by the Duo Security service.

> Snowflake's MFA is available on all [plan types](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).

Reviewer: non blocker suggestion but maybe this can be turned into a callout and moved up to line 42 so it's more visible?

> Snowflake's MFA is available on all [plan types](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Snowflake's MFA is available on all [dbt Cloud plans](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing).
```
